[Music]
are you in a healthy relationship with
your cell phone you take good care of it
treat it with respect
and always keep it clumps but are you
sure that relationship isn't toxic could
be if you're guilty of these all two
common mistakes number one looking down
at your screen have you ever heard of
text neck it's what happens when you
constantly bend your neck down and
forward to look at the screen it's a
real pain in the neck
believe me it also messes up your
posture and can result in frequent
headaches prevention is better than cure
so hold your phone at eye level and keep
your neck as straight as possible to
plugging it in carelessly if your
chargers tend to live no longer than a
few months it's not because the
manufacturer gave you a fake plugging
your phone in without looking or jamming
the charger in the port with all your
strength
just because say you're in a hurry
you're shortening the Chargers lifespan
electrical contacts are much more
delicate than you think so be more
careful if you want it to last longer 3
not updating the software when your
phone is hinting it wouldn't mind an
update treat it to one manufacturer's
work on them for a reason they fix bugs
and protect your gadget from possible
threats they do take some storage but
it's well worth it as long as you're
downloading from reliable sources it's
100% safe for sleeping with your fault
ah it wakes you up and it's the first
thing you look at in the morning to stay
updated but a cell phone is a little
electromagnetic transmitter and receiver
that means it emits radio waves
scientists are still trying to figure
out how dangerous those might be for
your brain but what is a known fact is
that notifications arriving during the
night can mess up your sleep cycle if
you absolutely can't turn the phone off
and leave it in a different
room at least keep it in airplane mode
while you're sleeping five being exposed
to blue light for too long the light
from your screen suppresses melatonin
the hormone that regulates your sleep
cycle that's another reason you
shouldn't be mirrored while sleeping
blue light also gives you headaches and
eye problems try resetting the light
levels on your phone and turning on the
blue light filter you can do it from
your phone's display and brightness
settings it'll change the lighting
automatically during night mode 6
keeping it in contact with your skin
your phone gets hot when you're using it
and your skin absorbs a little of the
heat every time you keep it close to
your body again scientists aren't sure
what affects those radio waves have on
the human body but better safe than
sorry if you keep some distance between
you and your phone you'll absorb less of
whatever possible dangerous signals it's
putting out even if you're not afraid of
the radio waves the dirty screen can
cause skin problems on your cheeks try
to use a headset or speakerphone while
talking on your cell 7 leaving it in the
Sun you might like to catch some rays
but your phone is strongly against it
too much Sun or heat can ruin it from
both the outside and the inside it can
make your screen pixel a crack and
forget it used to be a touchscreen it
also overheats the battery and even
bends the circuit board inside the phone
so never leave your phone in a hot car
or in direct sunlight if you take it to
the beach leave it in your bag in the
shade and don't leave any iced tea for
it it doesn't drink the stuff 8 keeping
it in your back pocket your body is also
a heat Factory and you won't really know
how that can be bad for your phone the
fact that there's no air flow in your
pocket only makes things worse
you might also forget about it sit on it
and break it or bend it if it's super
slim
and it's kind of like a welcome sign for
pickpockets 9 going overboard with DIYs
cover your phone and toothpaste and see
what happens
or better not rubbing it in foil or
cutting holes in your phone case isn't
necessarily a good idea either
if you can't resist trying some of the
DIYs you found online at least read the
reviews of other users before you do it
tooth base really 10 falling for a
designer case expensive cases aren't
always the safest just because they have
a famous logo on them pick the most
reliable one that's fitted to your phone
brand or no brand again reviews will
help a ton with that 11 use it with a
low signal when you see a weak signal on
the screen it means your phone is
putting out a stronger signal as a
transmitter while trying to find a
better connection that is it's putting
out way more radio frequencies which
could be bad for your health
plus it heats up when inactive signal
search and that's risky to the best you
can do to stay safe is using a landline
or keeping the phone as far away from
you as possible when the signal is loved
remember a headset comes in handy for
this 12 never restarting your phone your
little palm accessory processes loads of
data and stores a good deal of it in the
random access memory when you restart it
the RAM is cleared and all the apps are
closed if you don't do it from time to
time your gadget might have an emotional
breakdown one day and refuse to respond
to your commands or just turn off to
avoid that give it a well-deserved break
at least once a week
turn it off and wait a minute before you
turn it back on it'll show its gratitude
by working more effectively 13 putting
your phone on vibration you get a lot of
calls and that constant ringing is
annoying you so you opt for vibration
mode well your ears might love it but
your phone clearly doesn't
constant vibration slowly takes life out
of your phone's battery and decreases
its performance better turn the sound
off completely or go with it makes me
wonder are you a silent mode vibration
or sound on kind of person let me know
in the comments below 14 always using
location services apps like Find My
Phone or Maps need to use location
technology to find your phone or
yourself other apps though like your
camera social media apps and the like
don't really need to stay geographically
updated all the time they're draining
the battery and every charge cycle is
one step towards your phone's aging so
disable this feature for all
insignificant apps in your settings 15
dropping it in your bag without a cover
a phone cover isn't just a trendy
accessory it's designed to protect your
phone from scratches caused by sharp
things like keys inside your bag plus a
good cover is also a dust protector and
when dust builds up inside your gadget
it makes it over heat and malfunction 16
never cleaning the inside hey I'm sure
you'll wipe your screen down from time
to time but the internal parts need some
attention to your phone is a real grime
collector you keep it in your bag put it
on restaurant tables and drop it in your
car dust lint and dirt get in and mess
up its internal parts it's not the best
idea to open the phone and do the
cleaning yourself take it to a
professional they know how to do it 17
ignoring external storage even if it
seems like you still have enough free
space on your device do it a favor and
unload the burden your hard drive will
do a better job when it's not clogged
with tons of data if your phone supports
memory cards use those go to settings
and make it the ultimate storage
location for your apps music and photos
if you can't use an external memory car
move your data to cloud storage 18
charging it during a thunderstorm now
when you hear a storm starting it's not
the best moment to charge your fall even
if you have the best network filters a
lightning bolt can still crash that
protection the electricity can flow
through the power cord and into your
phone
yikes better wait until the storm blows
over 19 keeping Wi-Fi and Bluetooth on
all the time remember to disable those
two whenever you aren't using them if
you don't want to drain the battery
otherwise it's like keeping the faucet
running when you aren't using the water
Wow who knew that phones would evolved
to be so needy hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right hand remember stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]